it was already recovering but here we can
nothing to do for Catherine sign her
back his range with a big tube go 4
his season 10 the 7/9 becomes the 6 10 with
the eyes of the spectators and already the waters
there it will be the day of 10 6 2 then the
10.6 so I explain to you video it's
very simple it makes me pity
the gap is old so I'm not going too
tired then we'll do a little game
it's called the 10.6 so it's
just give the sentence that I tell you
upside down so all there are three
bearings
so there are short sentences and to them
mean sentences and sentences have so
every time you win points we go
counted all that we start small
Santa Claus upside down Christmas not small
so here you see for example as a
example hockey khl and his job on 6 10
10 the to remove it so dany million
plate no that's not it the principle of
dotted game with a sentence a little
longer
do not forget my little shoes under
the small base is based masi forgets
not the mayenne for the greatest when
you will come down from the sky with toys
by the thousands in the middle because at the bottom
of humor when you come down from the sky
with toys by the thousands of 5
December
it's not bad actually with
shows
so someone for rescuing
kill but I like no
it's good I say yeah it's marine
yeah finally so except one to a strawberry
mayenne for you
abidjan is sweet in december sums
due to abidjan why not enough
behind a million he owes in December
in the microphone as drama in the
bottle is sweet and yielding chef
abidjan wait what's bothering you
not that he is the chief of foufoune it is
a hatred bis and a 7/10 aberrant
however you accept you agree to its
fruits you are not from the new law
What is this obsession that have known the
match then someone else to
viander 1 to baoulé there I say no yes
they are how many there are two but these
Gaul sign in high school then a sentence
long
mariam cousin daou has a pretty
blonde doll chihuahua the pretty doll
blonde mariam the althing downs or the
ahem must be made 10 year old white
jumps Thursday to martigues no but
try the pretty doll month
no no no it's that mariam cousin
gaou to giulia maria my cousin dao to a
pretty blonde doll on blonde
the pretty blonde awada where the pretty doll
blonde yahoo is the cousin first to
upside down but I'm holding the day
someone else for customers of
someone else's way of judging these
lichens make crack-crac so I have
started for you in one language
imaginary
the guest is a spectator tool
become love
this time project to dal to the sewer
give up if I respect you the cena
I respect him
reina do not come to fire they have
the adessa it is done with respect and the
good deal
and then when you do the next day so
to give a little football or five steps
is scary tepa 9 or 12,500 votes a
little football or little support
responding to the truth guo team up
for you at least to the little one
lunch
in an imaginary language the haye to
abobo the guest is an audi spectators
have to hold a conversation
in a conversation did not tell him
in a conversation your answers in
an imaginary language goes to Akbou
invite him to one to ten spectators will have to
to hold a conversation
a conversation the audi guest
spectators in an imaginary was
already written
but where I can not do anything for them
the premium signs his return socam with a
big young at the fourteen season 10
the 7/9 becomes the 6 10